so the spinach is it ever whatever you
do do not put it there because I hate
her right there okay guys hello welcome
to a male time and i'm here with Sperry
brush special guests I'm not gonna say
who the best one is because dude great
there goes more heat on pepper for
adding strangers to her call okay so
from Rosie pretty master 45 I know who
you are I won't accept it turtles are
cool and so are you okay so thank you I
guess wrong face Brock oh my gosh guys
guys guys guys guys let's work hard to
say guys like an ice cream guys look at
my screen somebody's made this kind of
account look and YouTube people see it
they'll look do you see it now there's a
town called wolf pads and horrible look
there's a person called Wolf Pack group
22 scams that's not that's really sad
fake account monkeys rock no they don't
they're stupid and ugly and they smell I
will not accept your gift because you
wait who dares to go check out his dad
but I like them because i'm feeling my
delicate his den is locked Wow pepper
back up oh my gosh now there's another
person called pepper back up that is not
me take the odds that you never think of
like beverage in your pepper stuffed
pepper pepper a little bad bear yeah
that's a pepper over regular customers a
new berserk okay i'm going to reject
that one to be buddies forever back
if you want to go away from all the
other people say cravings not after
school my dad can you find freedom wings
no you can't I can't buy freedom when
you can't I just look Leslie wins also
surprised and they were not neva scared
of please answer a little bit then I
told you oh my gosh visual effects said
to be sober to get did you pick first a
little early aren't you sweet I'm be
ready deep sea mmm it's spam time LOL jk
from tier and eq Q&Q i sent you a money
request queue and eq yeah basically
pepper this is full of a rush and winner
from my friend nicole wow thanks the
worst gift in the world i'm already am i
dead people my upper i'm sorry i'm at
the diego table follow me Julian to why
is my gosh it all gets it pounding mom
my gosh gets full member and her by the
house of his you also preserve it pepper
tell people with the official yeah I
also made an account called the official
aj cutie it was so funny but I know he
likes Judy to AJ but you wrong what to
say I like it but I I don't look weird
what people say that I'm like I'd rather
hands payment as a friend
baboon was Julian to Yelp that account
exists I want to sort of done a good kid
who was talking about stuff already
could just go to get upstairs I'm gonna
hear you know your account rubber I'm
not gonna fair don't say it don't make
people's family with honey bee oh my
gosh I'm still recording and I didn't
know that well thanks for watching
YouTube